feat: add quantitative testing (#355)
coreruleset/go-ftw: README.md

- `--wait-for-no-redirect`               Do not follow HTTP 3xx redirects.
- `--wait-for-timeout`                   Sets the timeout for all wait operations, 0 is unlimited. (default 10s)

## (EXPERIMENTAL) Quantitative testing

In the latest version of `go-ftw`, we have added a new feature that allows you to run quantitative tests.
This feature is still experimental and may change in the future.

### What is the idea behind quantitative tests?

> Quantitative tests allow you to run tests using payloads to quantify the amount of false positives you might get when running in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantitative testing mode provides a means to to quantify the amount of false positives to be expected in production for a given rule.
```

> We use a well-known corpora of text to generate payloads that are sent to the WAF. The WAF should not block these payloads, as they are not malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use well-known corpora of texts to generate plausible, non-malicious payloads. Whenever such a payload is blocked by the WAF, the detection is considered to be a false positive.
```

> Anyone can create their own corpora of text and use it to test their WAF. The corpora of text is a list of strings that are sent to the WAF to check if it blocks them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can create their own corpora of texts and use them to test their WAF. Each corpus essentially consists of a list of strings, which may be sent to the WAF, depending on the configuration of the run.
```

> The result of this test is a percentage of false positives. The lower the percentage, the better the WAF is at not blocking benign payloads.

Reviewer: While I wrote the suggestion below, I wondered whether we might want to label "false positive rate" differently for default corpora. For example "generic FP rate", to make it clear that we cannot predict the behaviour of a rule in a specific context. What do you think?

```suggestion
The result of a test run is a percentage of false positives. The lower the percentage, the better the WAF is at not blocking benign payloads for a given rule. However, since we use generic corpora in our tests, the strings in those corpora will not necessarily be representative of the domain of a specific site. This means that a rule with a low false positive rate can still produce many false positives in specific contexts, e.g., when a website contains programming language code.
```

Author: Agreed to the text added.

### What is a corpus? Why do I need one?

> A corpus is a collection of text that is used to generate payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A corpus is a collection of texts that is used to generate payloads.
```

> The text can be anything, from news articles to books. The idea is to have a large collection of text that can be used to generate payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The texts can contain anything, from news articles to books. The idea is to have a large collection of texts that can be used to generate payloads. Well-known corpora usually have a domain or context, e.g., news headlines, or English books of the 18th century.
```

> The default corpus is the [Leipzig Corpora Collection](https://wortschatz.uni-leipzig.de/en/download/), which is a collection of text from the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default corpus is the [Leipzig Corpora Collection](https://wortschatz.uni-leipzig.de/en/download/), which is a collection of texts from the web.
```

### How to create a corpus?

> You can create your own corpus by collecting text from the web or using text from books, articles, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own corpus by collecting texts from the web, or from books, articles, etc.
```

> Or even use it with your own website! What you will need to do is to implement the interface `corpus.Corpus`, the `corpus.File`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could even use the contents of your own website as a corpus! What you will need to do is to implement the following interfaces:
- `corpus.Corpus`
- `corpus.File`
- `corpus.Iterator`
- `corpus.Payload`
```

> and for iterating over the corpus, the `corpus.Iterator` and `corpus.Payload` interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

If you add `--debug` to the command, you will see the payloads that cause false positives.
```bash
❯ ./go-ftw quantitative -d ../coreruleset -s 10K --debug
Running quantitative tests
12:32PM DBG Preparing download of corpus file from https://downloads.wortschatz-leipzig.de/corpora/eng_news_2023_10K.tar.gz
12:32PM DBG filename eng_news_2023_10K-sentences.txt already exists
12:32PM DBG Using paranoia level: 1

12:32PM DBG False positive with string: And finally: "I'd also say temp nurses make a lot.
12:32PM DBG **> rule 932290 => Matched Data: "I'd found within ARGS:payload: And finally: "I'd also say temp nurses make a lot.
12:32PM DBG False positive with string: But it was an experience Seguin said she "wouldn't trade for anything."
12:32PM DBG **> rule 932290 => Matched Data: "wouldn't found within ARGS:payload: But it was an experience Seguin said she "wouldn't trade for anything."
12:32PM DBG False positive with string: Consolidated Edison () last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd.
12:32PM DBG **> rule 932235 => Matched Data: () last  found within ARGS:payload: Consolidated Edison () last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd.
```

> The default language for the corpus is english, but you can change it to german using the `-L` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default language for the corpus is English, but you can change it to German using the `-L` flag.
```

```bash
❯ ./go-ftw quantitative -d ../coreruleset -s 10K -L deu
Running quantitative tests
4:18PM INF Downloading corpus file from https://downloads.wortschatz-leipzig.de/corpora/deu_news_2023_10K.tar.gz
Moved /Users/fzipitria/.ftw/extracted/deu_news_2023_10K/deu_news_2023_10K-sentences.txt to /Users/fzipitria/.ftw/deu_news_2023_10K-sentences.txt
Run 10000 payloads in 25.169846084s
Total False positive ratio: 44/10000 = 0.0044
False positives per rule:
  Rule 920220: 19 false positives
  Rule 920221: 19 false positives
  Rule 932125: 1 false positives
  Rule 932290: 5 false positives
```

> Results can be shown in json format also, to be processed by other tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results can be shown in JSON format also, to be processed by other tools.
```
